BD-3222 update SMS link shortening (#7616)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/link_shortening.md

The length of the URL will be determined by the type of tracking that is enabled:
- **Basic tracking** enables campaign-level click tracking. Static URLs will have a length of 20 characters, and dynamic URLs will have a length of 25 characters.

> - **Advanced tracking** enables campaign-level and user-level click tracking. Clicks will also generate an [SMS Click Event]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/braze_currents/event_glossary/message_engagement_events/) sent via Currents. Static URLs with advanced tracking will have a length of 27–28 characters and allow you to create segments of users who have clicked on URLs. For dynamic URLs, they will have a length of 32–33 characters. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **Advanced tracking** enables campaign-level and user-level click tracking. Clicks will also generate an [SMS click event]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data_and_analytics/braze_currents/event_glossary/message_engagement_events/) that is sent through Currents. Static URLs with advanced tracking will have a length of 27–28 characters and allow you to create segments of users who have clicked on URLs. For dynamic URLs, they will have a length of 32–33 characters. 
```
